{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green8\blue0;\red110\green5\blue0;\red192\green0\blue0;
\red42\green47\blue60;\red31\green78\blue121;\red0\green61\blue204;\red134\green19\blue62;\red0\green68\blue254;
\red38\green28\blue240;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16080\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Introductory Questions\
	1.)\cf0  How useful do you find your department\'92s internal website?\
		\
		\cf2 1.A)\cf3  \cf0 How often do you use that site?\
\
	\cf2 2.)\cf0  What is your preferred device for internet use?\
\
	\cf2 3.)\cf0  On average, how many hours a day do you use your preferred device(s)?\
		\
		\cf4 3.A)\cf0  What do you do on those devices?\
\
	\cf2 4.) \cf0 What is your occupation?\
		\
		\cf4 4.A)\cf0  (If student) What have you gone to school for previously?\
\
	\cf2 ***5.)\cf0  How well would you say you understand new web features?\
\cf2  (and/or\'85)\
		\
		5.A) \cf0 Icons\
		\
		\cf4 5.B)\cf0  Search functions\
		\
		\cf4 5.C) \cf0 Webpage layout\
\
	\cf2 ***6.) \cf0 How important is it for you to keep up with new web trends?\
\
\cf2 *** \cf0 needs to be more specific according to Beata\
\
Task Questions\
	\cf2 1. a.)\cf0  Your name is __\cf5 Goldie Wong\cf0 __ and you are in ____\cf5 2015 Winter\cf0 \ul \ulc0 ____\ulnone  You have a personal commitment that overlaps with your school schedule. It will require you to be absent for a week. Please find out which classes you will be missing on the last week of the first month.  \
		\
	\cf2 1. a2.) \cf0 You want to review your web project, please find your personal site.\ul \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ulnone 		\
		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf2 1.b.)\cf0  Your name is __\cf5 Max Latham\cf0 __ and you are in ____\cf5 2013 Fall\cf0 \ul \ulc0 ____you \ulnone would like to plan a personal commitment over the ring break. Pleas find out when that is.  \ul \ulc0 \
\
\cf2 \ulnone 	1. b2.)\cf0  You want to review your web project, please find your personal site.\ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ulnone 		\
\
		\
\
	\cf2 2.)\cf0  You are a prospective student. During your search for the program you accidentally stumble upon on this site and you want to find out how/were to apply. See where you can find this information. Is this the right place to apply? If not where do you go? \
\
	\cf2 3.) \cf0 You are a current student working on a project. You have forgotten how to create a coding element. You know there are tutorials on the student site but don\'92t know where. Please find the tutorials.\
\
	\cf2 4.) \cf0 You are a prospective student and want to contact one of the facility administrators to answer a few questions. Find the email address for one of the administrators.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf6 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 	\cf2 5.)\cf0  You are a prospective student who wants to learn JavaScript. You want to email the instructor of the JavaScript class to see if you can sit in on a class before applying. Find the instructor; what is their name and email?\
\
	\cf2 6.)\cf0  You are unsure if there is a final project in the program. Where can you go to check?\
\
	\cf2 7.)\cf0  You forgot to access the project server and you lost the paper with the server information. You know the answer is on the student website. Please find the instructions to access the program server.\
	\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf2 Post Survey Questions\
	1.) \cf0 Please rate overall how complicated you felt the tasks were to complete. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf7 Not easy - 1 2 3 4 5 - Very easy.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
		\cf8 1.A)\cf0  Please tell us why\
\
	\cf2 2.) \cf0 Please tell us 2 memorable experiences you had while using the site.\
		\
		\cf4 1.\
		2.\
\cf0 		\
	\cf2 3.) \cf0 While preforming these tasks how would you describe your overall experience?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf9 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf10 Frustrating\cf7  - 1 2 3 4 5 - Very easy.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
	4.)If you know of someone interested in taking a program like ours, how likely are you to recommend they visit this site?\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf9 Very unlikely- 1 2 3 4 5 -Likely \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl307
\cf5 First Test on desktop - Goldie Wong from 2015 Winter,\
Same test on mobile (if possible) - Max Latham from 2013 Fall\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl307
\cf5 Second Test on desktop - First week of the last month, 2015 Winter\
on mobile - 2014 Fall, find out how long the Winter Break was.\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\
\
}